CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Sample definition
 * File format and syntax
 * Contribute
 
 
SAMPLE DEFINITION
-----------------

This folder contains binary memory dump extracts in the form of files (samples)
from live machines. These samples are known to contain the signatures at the
right offsets compared to the signatures that are shipped with this tool.

Each binary file can be used for testing purposes (and they are indeed used for
that in the tool's unit tests). For the sake of distribution together with this
tool, each file size is limited to 10 pages, or 40960 bytes / 40 KiB.

You can use FTWA to create these samples using the -d option.


FILE FORMAT AND SYNTAX
----------------------

 * The sample files themselves has filenames that follow the following syntax
   (brackets means optional):
 
   os-version-[edition]-[architecture]-[service pack]-offset.bin
   
   EXAMPLE:
   A Windows 7 Enterprise edition x64 SP1 sample where the signature hit is at
   0x2a8 would have the following file name:
   
   windows-7-enterprise-x64-sp1-0x2a8.bin
   
 * Each sample has an accompanying python file containing only the page number,
   offset which the signature should match it and the name of the OS (as 
   represented in inception/cfg.py.
   
   EXAMPLE:
   The corresponding text file to the example above, named
   'Windows-7-Enterprise-x64-SP1-1.py', where the signature should be found at
   page number 5 at the offset '0x2a8' must contain three lines with the
   following data:
   
   page = 5
   offset = 0x2a8
   OS = 'Windows 7'

 
CONTRIBUTE
----------

If you are able to reverse engineer new signatures, please submit them to me at
carsten@carmaa.com or n@tropy.org.

The email should contain the following:

 * A sample binary file as described above
 * An accompanying sample text file as described above
 * The signature (as defined in inception/cfg.py) used to match the sample
 
Only when conforming to the above rules will new signatures be accepted for
inclusion in the tool. Please respect that I have limited means to verify any
signatures that are not submitted as described above. Please verify all
signatures before submitting them to me. By submitting a sample to me, you are
approving that I may distribute the sample as a part of this tool.

All contributions are welcome, and credit will be given.
